Skip to main content

[ ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/)

###  Search This Blog

#  [ Medical cases ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/)

###  61 yr old female w/c/o abd pain, constipation, anxiety and DM

  * Get link
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * Other Apps

[ October 15, 2022  ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/10/patient-
history-pt-is-61-yr-old-female.html "permanent link")

 NOTE: THIS IS AN ONLINE E LOGBOOK TO DISCUSS OUR PATIENT'S DE-IDENTIFIED
HEALTH DATA SHARED AFTER TAKING HIS / HER /GUARDIAN'S SIGNED INFORMED CONSENT.
HERE WE DISCUSS OUR INDIVIDUAL PATIENT'S PROBLEMS THROUGH A SERIES OF INPUTS
FROM THE AVAILABLE GLOBAL ONLINE COMMUNITY OF EXPERTS INTENDING TO SOLVE THOSE
CLINICAL PROBLEMS WITH COLLECTIVE CURRENT BEST EVIDENCE-BASED INPUT.

PATIENT HISTORY: Pt is a 61 yr old female, homemaker.

First ** ** pregnancy in 1985 (normal delivery), uneventful.

In 1990, pt noticed white discharge during menstruation along with menstrual
bleeding (normal, no pain). Dr. diagnosed it to be a uterine tumor and Sx
done. Soon after she got pregnant, but her menstrual cycles did not stop,
bleeding for 1-day per cycle, with no discharge. After 6 months into the
pregnancy, Dr reported fetus had died and was aborted.

In 1993, got pregnant for 3rd time. This time also menstrual cycles did not
stop. Bleeding for 1 day only per cycle. Normal delivery

In 2005, due to continuous extreme abd pain went to Dr who diagnosed it to be
due to uterine cysts. Hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy were
done.

In 2009 Feb, fell down from ladder almost 10 feet and **** #L1 vertebra **.**
Recovery with medicine, bed rest, and physiotherapy.

In 2010, c/o severe epigastric and hypogastric pain and agitation. Endoscopy
and colonoscopy done. Medicine prescribed (Rabeprazole 20 mg, Levosulpiride,
Omeprazole{continued till 2013, then since 2021 till date})

Since 2011 Jan, started Clonazepam 0.5mg , because at that time her husband
had recently died and her daughter was still unmarried. Now,takes only when
she c/o trouble sleeping or anxiety. Takes 2-3 times per month.

In 2015, c/o continuous lower back pain and elbow pain lat epicondyle (?tennis
elbow). Dr advised wearing a belt again (which provides relief) for back pain
and gave injections(?steroid) in painful area of elbow, which resolved elbow
pain.

In 2016, while on a follow-up for the abd pain a lot of tests were done. TSH
lvl was 6 mlU/L. Did not prescribe any medications.

In 2017 May, Due to a persistent high fever she was asked to do blood and
urine tests which detected UTI and her TSH lvl was 8 mlU/L. Medicine Thyronorm
50 was prescribed.

In 2018, for 3 months c/o itchy red rash in the thigh and above elbow jt.
Resolved with medicines and ointment. Around that time on a separate occasion
c/o persistent fever, for which blood tests were done. DM was detected.
Medicine prescribed Glycomate 500 SR.

In 2018, she c/o headache, dizziness, nausea and weakness in getting up from
bed. After 1 month, she was taken to a Dr. who did an cervical X ray (report
not available) and prescribed medications, taking which she recovered within
days. Thinking the headache was due to eye problem she was also taken to
Opthalmologist that time.

In 2020, again c/o abd pain in epigastric and hypogastric regions. Colonoscopy
and endoscopy done. Erosive gastritis with gastric polyps were detected of
which 2 polyps were removed later on 2021 via endoscopic polydectomy.
Colonoscopy detected small internal piles.

While on a regular checkup for DM, Dr. prescribed he to take

 For the past one month, c/o lower abd. pain, heartburn, throat burning
constipation **.** Dr diagnosed it to be IBS. Prescribed medicine for 3 wks,
taking which reduced her symptoms to certain extent.

Pt is diabetic and on medication.

Addiction of eating Paan 3-4 times per day for the past 20 days.

CHIEF COMPLAINT AND Pt REQ.:

Pt wants a update about her gastric polyps and what further treatment can be
done

c/o lower abd. pain, heartburn, throat burning constipation and an uneasy
feeling in the epigastrium.

Wants to know if so many tablets are actually needed to treat her DM and also
for cholesterol.

FAMILY HISTORY:

Mother - similar c/o GI problems

Father - heavy smoker, used to cough a lot and also similar c/o GI problems

HER NORMAL ROUTINE:

She wakes up between 5.30 and 6 am. Drink two glasses of  water .Then goes for
a morning walk for 20 minutes. Then takes bath. Then eat 'red tea', two
biscuits and does puja.

Does some cooking, eat some rice and vegetables, or sour curd, puffed rice and
banana at 11 am.

After finishing household chores, eat lunch (rice, fish, vegetables, dal, sour
curd) at 2.30pm.

Sleep from 3.30 pm to 5 pm.

Take a short walk in the evening.

Have red tea and biscuits at 6pm.

Then from 7 pm to 9 pm , lie down and watch TV.

Drink Diabatic Horliks at 8.30 pm.

Finished dinner by 10.30 pm.

Go to sleep at 11pm.

Eat 'JORDA PAAN' 4 or 5 times a day.

Loves to eat sweet or sour things like 'khurma', 'ROSHO GOLLA', NIMKI, CHANA
CHUR, SINGARA.

  

Details of all the medicines that she takes every day.

1\. Metformin 500mg +Sitagliptin 50mg( b.d before breakfast and dinner)

2.Metformin hydrochloride 500mg + glimepiride 2mg( o.d, before breakfast)

3\. Rabeprazole 20 + Domperidone( o.d, empty stomach at morning)

4.Chlordiazepoxide(5.0 Mg) + Amitriptyline(12.5 Mg)( o.d ,after dinner)

5\. Propanolol -10 mg( t.d, after breakfast, lunch, dinner)

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg-
CZNuJCeeGmyd3Uq36WqWZSbGdrHC0l-BUo8xsQX-
bXJbLyVwsyoF9tHnr3o0PRSP3srkX9U1gbglAluj86Xhzlo6zawe3f2CMkYZg4F6FeVTG8BVDq69WMFoHsvwFrxByWWLxzKC-
aq9Q580Wu8_C1jrpJuTmJxtx7ciHApCS76nrOtNSzl8vnw5Qg/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.17%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg-
CZNuJCeeGmyd3Uq36WqWZSbGdrHC0l-BUo8xsQX-
bXJbLyVwsyoF9tHnr3o0PRSP3srkX9U1gbglAluj86Xhzlo6zawe3f2CMkYZg4F6FeVTG8BVDq69WMFoHsvwFrxByWWLxzKC-
aq9Q580Wu8_C1jrpJuTmJxtx7ciHApCS76nrOtNSzl8vnw5Qg/s1280/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.17%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiYhofcKBdtFA5KWd4KdTUYsrt8SwAR3ZKMjAPMEOhtMRpZQmvgJ0iD76uH14HAstK9Yg1lmj4WGijx-9aXhzrMBeWULjyeVVmoywSM-
DFJ1uAN0RsiuY1GBAyXJgIQXuSiov7M9P0b2KqD9GY-
bm4KiLAGx8lucg39LbL8vAd439yE_HdqFAfWduHZkw/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.18%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEiYhofcKBdtFA5KWd4KdTUYsrt8SwAR3ZKMjAPMEOhtMRpZQmvgJ0iD76uH14HAstK9Yg1lmj4WGijx-9aXhzrMBeWULjyeVVmoywSM-
DFJ1uAN0RsiuY1GBAyXJgIQXuSiov7M9P0b2KqD9GY-
bm4KiLAGx8lucg39LbL8vAd439yE_HdqFAfWduHZkw/s1280/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.18%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg2KYLyjT5qzuHbQYkRdUSB85eaWDOA5LxXoT65W9UlCdi4yEPgv_gEqZeo4m2x9Xt66gg1Bh07cWVTzeYE_Bstis9n3CK8QIvPwaaGksSGMn-5pXEZwv5xNh5kLhPkqox3Caaw6-LaU1Fl_nJiEXee4OgK_kA2BJKlruFcwzy3hVaX_mjNUlp0qp2cIA/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.18%20PM%20\(2\).jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEg2KYLyjT5qzuHbQYkRdUSB85eaWDOA5LxXoT65W9UlCdi4yEPgv_gEqZeo4m2x9Xt66gg1Bh07cWVTzeYE_Bstis9n3CK8QIvPwaaGksSGMn-5pXEZwv5xNh5kLhPkqox3Caaw6-LaU1Fl_nJiEXee4OgK_kA2BJKlruFcwzy3hVaX_mjNUlp0qp2cIA/s679/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.18%20PM%20\(2\).jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjRXCjFVSvHggC37u-cNXDa2W9sQIIRfwQ1Mwagk_pp8dIZnVTEzS7svrG1jlLf3_u0k0ww80EwOFp-
yQOUM8NG_bWQjlI0iFOy5KgEg1SEVzvfA3G_dmP-
UKXyfQNQQd4APyBdp6WwLJGXREI1dH2VoIOsA1-DvVc6xVJ2e1r-74_5fW9jSfmLgSHPVg/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.18%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjRXCjFVSvHggC37u-cNXDa2W9sQIIRfwQ1Mwagk_pp8dIZnVTEzS7svrG1jlLf3_u0k0ww80EwOFp-
yQOUM8NG_bWQjlI0iFOy5KgEg1SEVzvfA3G_dmP-
UKXyfQNQQd4APyBdp6WwLJGXREI1dH2VoIOsA1-DvVc6xVJ2e1r-74_5fW9jSfmLgSHPVg/s1236/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-16%20at%2010.44.18%20PM.jpeg)

  

REPORTS:

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh4Lk01DPoHXmp8AY-
tLNeTUcsl2AdtQBuTRv2kv1dsS-5oTVRCNCLHBE2ZDyVDpSGC7foBhy4hpp3XDy6dGpmFWKkl_4g3Q-UpmPteU30oQ-w0lSH4yfiEcevqSqAEv2pqcH8vLyE6h5KhXxS651lPF1SkbtWc_YfyIPukatIk7zqOFHSiDAvgLrdG1A/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.33%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh4Lk01DPoHXmp8AY-
tLNeTUcsl2AdtQBuTRv2kv1dsS-5oTVRCNCLHBE2ZDyVDpSGC7foBhy4hpp3XDy6dGpmFWKkl_4g3Q-UpmPteU30oQ-w0lSH4yfiEcevqSqAEv2pqcH8vLyE6h5KhXxS651lPF1SkbtWc_YfyIPukatIk7zqOFHSiDAvgLrdG1A/s1275/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.33%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEhUH6H9yo8p-cr2-Xl4cxfivHH4SpK9KjtkecPWsIhIemvBQaDGPG8Lp2SOv6FWyHeuhbk4Zbvm5VCndRKqq84nyTPr-
ND-
yGE_s590IeCxA8QJo1jRXa0lu3HKxOpOAvU6Xc0Ywb3YX8TEi2PY7szoD4z0InEyLNAgFJQxUwrO6LaZDJou6UIlxl2snw/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.34%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEhUH6H9yo8p-cr2-Xl4cxfivHH4SpK9KjtkecPWsIhIemvBQaDGPG8Lp2SOv6FWyHeuhbk4Zbvm5VCndRKqq84nyTPr-
ND-
yGE_s590IeCxA8QJo1jRXa0lu3HKxOpOAvU6Xc0Ywb3YX8TEi2PY7szoD4z0InEyLNAgFJQxUwrO6LaZDJou6UIlxl2snw/s1280/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.34%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh36f1kXyw0K0oBv1ggFq9X08POGwEme68n9lEdckm6LO23_qAoGT6GUiCvNW1oTOK9etbKCYXyGJ3eb_3mzlUoVWMmvtZsFy1ktFPJPx_2mcPfg3toFC8SZulA3ZhjF_EhSP3pta5X-uBeiXTIy78zAaHaGV4mor-
cgxwp38z7tpqrWCQ1jEgbb6kDOA/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.35%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh36f1kXyw0K0oBv1ggFq9X08POGwEme68n9lEdckm6LO23_qAoGT6GUiCvNW1oTOK9etbKCYXyGJ3eb_3mzlUoVWMmvtZsFy1ktFPJPx_2mcPfg3toFC8SZulA3ZhjF_EhSP3pta5X-uBeiXTIy78zAaHaGV4mor-
cgxwp38z7tpqrWCQ1jEgbb6kDOA/s1258/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.35%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjip6c25e8rxYjQh56UZ9Vor2edDh031VgBoYrs7uh1H4-LRU6pU2vQmDOnMd06OUdBa4cRBQN5hfPrRFaYXpIvUERzB8Mdr9HQjEYMAhP-
dVFgkoUPzm2HtwtPkAnWt5_nl1RX8REBOR3zM1mr92CLX6Iu9ur9EUGubShcGWN4uAHDyrijXlO4R0AVuA/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.35%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjip6c25e8rxYjQh56UZ9Vor2edDh031VgBoYrs7uh1H4-LRU6pU2vQmDOnMd06OUdBa4cRBQN5hfPrRFaYXpIvUERzB8Mdr9HQjEYMAhP-
dVFgkoUPzm2HtwtPkAnWt5_nl1RX8REBOR3zM1mr92CLX6Iu9ur9EUGubShcGWN4uAHDyrijXlO4R0AVuA/s964/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.35%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgIsJXINTeRYyz2PZwr0-c9TZtgT4DTX23EXzshzblpvxWh5ShFFqwn_jNSQ2fEjCmxzmL-76pANj6bcXvf-P50MyQJijFjuzGDxPup4BHfaw6Mu_v4byE_4fEFLnYt5t-xHVDFpNhptoyQPgc8ivh1nn8qu_NByAgHb4AOYBGUL3cQ8_623hQjx7veYQ/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.36%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEgIsJXINTeRYyz2PZwr0-c9TZtgT4DTX23EXzshzblpvxWh5ShFFqwn_jNSQ2fEjCmxzmL-76pANj6bcXvf-P50MyQJijFjuzGDxPup4BHfaw6Mu_v4byE_4fEFLnYt5t-xHVDFpNhptoyQPgc8ivh1nn8qu_NByAgHb4AOYBGUL3cQ8_623hQjx7veYQ/s1096/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.36%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjE6f5Oll50MvIkD4rIwH2AcdQ4sdDm6rK0BoF_KvfD1GuDA0L_wRYkQd2IfzZ4e5C1rWpOW3Wn1sT_GAN8-OGWCZX6y0NQPpfTaPah8AvTUb42-HT3WcCPgcuD1KY_gy4DTKRX38E852b8_TTfd2zMUh0YpmdfrdWvptumXbHzlS_qfg467zAbbvGB1w/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.36%20PM%20\(3\).jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjE6f5Oll50MvIkD4rIwH2AcdQ4sdDm6rK0BoF_KvfD1GuDA0L_wRYkQd2IfzZ4e5C1rWpOW3Wn1sT_GAN8-OGWCZX6y0NQPpfTaPah8AvTUb42-HT3WcCPgcuD1KY_gy4DTKRX38E852b8_TTfd2zMUh0YpmdfrdWvptumXbHzlS_qfg467zAbbvGB1w/s1087/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.36%20PM%20\(3\).jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjfoq8ApY7Pye1vNe9Vt-
fA4CpTxDvlkmWgn24I12WMwNwQ1dpQM9SSW9ApdA882WA7lFfux8RHbPGaMWopfDkE2OSVu2McH-
orHYmCleHTWP8gzOPZm__cmKhNT5o1cM-8Gb1QMvmTohUqy3yuT35HQP07aWsEFQyB3ExYm-o0w-ubyySnpIIOHX3obQ/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.36%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjfoq8ApY7Pye1vNe9Vt-
fA4CpTxDvlkmWgn24I12WMwNwQ1dpQM9SSW9ApdA882WA7lFfux8RHbPGaMWopfDkE2OSVu2McH-
orHYmCleHTWP8gzOPZm__cmKhNT5o1cM-8Gb1QMvmTohUqy3yuT35HQP07aWsEFQyB3ExYm-o0w-ubyySnpIIOHX3obQ/s1280/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.36%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh4vPu9HQJvV1C6nsHLi1eByNSJcG51kkN4hFqMlIwmJUCe5gSsiGyykP3LlosIuKxDwHij-0msGXvIwPFqFHmo4FyMGuTY7kwEa5_ghDujVfVX6vfBpaOOORbc42nVAUjfQubQqKAYyJBWioYQo1KtnMrBnRyBqZL-
ptrhX6HR-
WcQmmHzAWnXEKXTOA/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.37%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh4vPu9HQJvV1C6nsHLi1eByNSJcG51kkN4hFqMlIwmJUCe5gSsiGyykP3LlosIuKxDwHij-0msGXvIwPFqFHmo4FyMGuTY7kwEa5_ghDujVfVX6vfBpaOOORbc42nVAUjfQubQqKAYyJBWioYQo1KtnMrBnRyBqZL-
ptrhX6HR-
WcQmmHzAWnXEKXTOA/s1274/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.37%20PM%20\(1\).jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjEseZVQmFFqeNqgsV6KYFURA9DGtpth94LzRI3bvLdmBuuEQAGAoNWPfubyTmmIHsmet_AnqqlWgvt8xW8-F7YGjZmjAvXc5uLVIYMhc7Uri8ob5ogCirti0a6FK-
Tr08p-kDaJtS_DqMdym2RhOQZQxfjPEjEr6cRpxY25jGz_DPELvMziDo5xzBrTw/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.37%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjEseZVQmFFqeNqgsV6KYFURA9DGtpth94LzRI3bvLdmBuuEQAGAoNWPfubyTmmIHsmet_AnqqlWgvt8xW8-F7YGjZmjAvXc5uLVIYMhc7Uri8ob5ogCirti0a6FK-
Tr08p-kDaJtS_DqMdym2RhOQZQxfjPEjEr6cRpxY25jGz_DPELvMziDo5xzBrTw/s1128/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.37%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEi8OdsLROq9bur5qlX9dC2lbv87Tt80r7nsVs7zvoAZzPpwyJ_SxknSVUI61ZdHasO1sozsim_jAxJgqvOYjDVrri8lfr0hOTMl9j2gHoFhJaOIzo74Dbw7LB-w7Z29H89bA8cht0wkfi4_mK4_HNl-8sconxvxEoMLOm_zYdBKUT7gLSt1yFmCRJRlpQ/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.38%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEi8OdsLROq9bur5qlX9dC2lbv87Tt80r7nsVs7zvoAZzPpwyJ_SxknSVUI61ZdHasO1sozsim_jAxJgqvOYjDVrri8lfr0hOTMl9j2gHoFhJaOIzo74Dbw7LB-w7Z29H89bA8cht0wkfi4_mK4_HNl-8sconxvxEoMLOm_zYdBKUT7gLSt1yFmCRJRlpQ/s1467/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-10%20at%2010.21.38%20PM.jpeg)

  

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEhqH0WEiYn7ZQxdZ7tx6YxpGQ6B2tHyLA2oofF81Z2BgdO8FaeS5RLUuudR0lwTdZ0QOq7ypvmIIFq8OAGhGxmpSEFayQy7gM9lAYy20EkEHKI7t9usCDZLbKpZ_VW4e-cxCPJEQJYRPAxVQkb_a5LW40hDWRbQqeqHuVbrhjo_6pa0j2PJqyDH2-O3BQ/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-17%20at%2010.39.30%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEhqH0WEiYn7ZQxdZ7tx6YxpGQ6B2tHyLA2oofF81Z2BgdO8FaeS5RLUuudR0lwTdZ0QOq7ypvmIIFq8OAGhGxmpSEFayQy7gM9lAYy20EkEHKI7t9usCDZLbKpZ_VW4e-cxCPJEQJYRPAxVQkb_a5LW40hDWRbQqeqHuVbrhjo_6pa0j2PJqyDH2-O3BQ/s1074/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-17%20at%2010.39.30%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEirBw4ivbXcsOvEilX3PnFVjnR9CeyGgf9N2WoTMiexmknJzXRhaelVXtO3I9UIAK3PV5n77rm502F3pSKz2SA09CFcBRNAcKBeMognMd8goc64NKfVYKjVXq0WWhGir2WT182hHGbW0HOCA9-Jmd9b2Ao3EK-
SLn10IzxcDx1fTNA9v2zw9lpNWOEcIQ/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-17%20at%2010.41.42%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEirBw4ivbXcsOvEilX3PnFVjnR9CeyGgf9N2WoTMiexmknJzXRhaelVXtO3I9UIAK3PV5n77rm502F3pSKz2SA09CFcBRNAcKBeMognMd8goc64NKfVYKjVXq0WWhGir2WT182hHGbW0HOCA9-Jmd9b2Ao3EK-
SLn10IzxcDx1fTNA9v2zw9lpNWOEcIQ/s1600/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-17%20at%2010.41.42%20PM.jpeg)

  

[![](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh2H8rSVHHvbJFveQiMciJge5CFen0kG-
F-hKwANw1PeTZzb2zK2CRWWAIH66fI9_LwT7wXuG6IouMde-
tBNkk1Uqf3ovnY3vvjIdJn1INpHNyZ6qlTErW7VGuHOQweV_EI87I7Hb2PqUurN4ppPZbQv8kK57HRQJN715_IU985CdgBpwsGCX_DOIEzRQ/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-20%20at%207.01.16%20PM.jpeg)](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEh2H8rSVHHvbJFveQiMciJge5CFen0kG-
F-hKwANw1PeTZzb2zK2CRWWAIH66fI9_LwT7wXuG6IouMde-
tBNkk1Uqf3ovnY3vvjIdJn1INpHNyZ6qlTErW7VGuHOQweV_EI87I7Hb2PqUurN4ppPZbQv8kK57HRQJN715_IU985CdgBpwsGCX_DOIEzRQ/s1600/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-10-20%20at%207.01.16%20PM.jpeg)

  

  

  

  

  

 **  
**

  

 **  
**

 **  
**

 **  
**

 **  
**

 **  
**

 **  
**

 **  
**

 **  
**

 **  
**

  * Get link
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * Other Apps

### Comments

#### Post a Comment

[](https://www.blogger.com/comment/frame/2416907507697071308?po=3457556651942955922&hl=en-
GB&skin=contempo)

###  Popular posts from this blog

### [33 yr old male with c/o pus oozing out from his upp. left third molar
region](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/02/33-yr-old-male-with-co-
pus-oozing-out.html)

[ February 11, 2022  ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/02/33-yr-
old-male-with-co-pus-oozing-out.html "permanent link")

[
![Image](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/a/AVvXsEgVg1EQPqvcsTf8YHlTOukz9TmNbGAqXzdI
--
dLcak7gbOyskAVwfUFfQrOfgqhILaoY8xeOJg1x6biJeMAZzWozz9NFvBLRTGGVdVtRUiz4LHt9uismaioKfqsgJf-
fjuyI32-KOETiXNQsnGzAg8G2rdBDSirSRmQ0-OIW6HTaqeKKSU6xryaMQJ0jw=s320)
](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/02/33-yr-old-male-with-co-pus-
oozing-out.html)

THIS IS AN ONLINE E LOGBOOK TO DISCUSS OUR PATIENT'S DE-IDENTIFIED HEALTH DATA
SHARED AFTER TAKING HIS / HER /GUARDIAN'S SIGNED INFORMED CONSENT. HERE WE
DISCUSS OUR INDIVIDUAL PATIENT'S PROBLEMS THROUGH A SERIES OF INPUTS FROM THE
AVAILABLE GLOBAL ONLINE COMMUNITY OF EXPERTS WITH AN AIM TO SOLVE THOSE
CLINICAL PROBLEMS WITH COLLECTIVE CURRENT BEST EVIDENCE-BASED INPUT CHIEF
COMPLAIN: c/o pus oozing out from his upper. left third molar region PATIENT
HISTORY: A 33yr old man visited our hospital on 10/02/22  with c/o pus oozing
out from his upper. left third molar region. He is an auto driver by
profession. When he was 1.5 yrs old he hit his left eye with a sharp object
while playing with a sharp cutter and severely damaged his eye. His parents
took him to a clinician but he needed Sx which was not done due to financial
problems. After that, while staying in Bangalore he visited many hospitals but
again Sx was recommended which he didn't want. Now he has completely l

[](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/02/33-yr-old-male-with-co-pus-
oozing-out.html)

[ Read more ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/02/33-yr-old-male-
with-co-pus-oozing-out.html "33 yr old male with c/o pus oozing out from his
upp. left third molar region")

### [A 37 yr old female with c/o chest
pain](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/08/patient-history-
pt_12.html)

[ August 12, 2022  ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/08/patient-
history-pt_12.html "permanent link")

[ ![Image](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjt-
jiwj1F_Uug-
CFv3ENZlXZ6zwAVUqdke5HeO1riNYtTiGeZet-7x_kEYnmDo1COnJRX7DJK_XMzohRJg_e39UpqgROU93d9wa_HH9tpgKNSMg816SFeEogHYVcG3lDteqaEPHkGXEBVdCKAy5AdUoVno0HSQY87xj7-FUTEM4vsaGftVN9HDjlcjzg/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-09-05%20at%2011.03.08%20AM%20\(1\).jpeg)
](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/08/patient-history-pt_12.html)

NOTE: THIS IS AN ONLINE E LOGBOOK TO DISCUSS OUR PATIENT'S DE-IDENTIFIED
HEALTH DATA SHARED AFTER TAKING HIS / HER /GUARDIAN'S SIGNED INFORMED CONSENT.
HERE WE DISCUSS OUR INDIVIDUAL PATIENT'S PROBLEMS THROUGH A SERIES OF INPUTS
FROM THE AVAILABLE GLOBAL ONLINE COMMUNITY OF EXPERTS INTENDING TO SOLVE THOSE
CLINICAL PROBLEMS WITH COLLECTIVE CURRENT BEST EVIDENCE-BASED INPUT. PATIENT
HISTORY: Pt. is a 37 yr old female. At the age of 15, she had typhoid. After
that no major incident in her life except few occasions of fever, cough, and
cold From 2013 to 2015, she worked as a weaver. Once while returning home from
work in the evening she claimed to have seen someone sitting below the trees
in the dark. She got very scared and had a light fever, which was resolved
with medication. 6-7 days later, she complained of uneasiness and while she
was combing her hair, her husband noticed facial drooping, more noticeable
when she smiled. She could not walk. Suspecting it to be a stroke

[](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/08/patient-history-pt_12.html)

[ Read more ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/08/patient-history-
pt_12.html "A 37 yr old female with c/o chest pain")

### [Lower backache with clinical complexity due to multifactorial
drivers](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/04/this-is-online-e-
logbook-to-discuss-our.html)

[ April 12, 2022  ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/04/this-is-
online-e-logbook-to-discuss-our.html "permanent link")

[
![Image](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEjf9GMdbiCIS1o9d07FjXuY2WQ5uy8eiZdnMkzd4cc1Rcpv51_O5tiXNvTddXgKa7SxYRhCfIGWK_KTnz77EsIWWp6q7iVQ3DAVGIaDnQGNBka9q4i9g9DHzNRB-
ID0VyH9F7OfYQyypssQNQRgw4QLTBtH2drQkr58FH9TF9N0Ir_oJX30SSxnAlfLpQ/s320/WhatsApp%20Image%202022-04-13%20at%207.36.37%20AM.jpeg)
](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/04/this-is-online-e-logbook-to-
discuss-our.html)

NOTE: THIS IS AN ONLINE E LOGBOOK TO DISCUSS OUR PATIENT'S DE-IDENTIFIED
HEALTH DATA SHARED AFTER TAKING HIS / HER /GUARDIAN'S SIGNED INFORMED CONSENT.
HERE WE DISCUSS OUR INDIVIDUAL PATIENT'S PROBLEMS THROUGH A SERIES OF INPUTS
FROM THE AVAILABLE GLOBAL ONLINE COMMUNITY OF EXPERTS INTENDING TO SOLVE THOSE
CLINICAL PROBLEMS WITH COLLECTIVE CURRENT BEST EVIDENCE-BASED INPUT. PAST
HISTORY: The patient is a 29-year-old male. At the age of 7 while climbing a
tree to pluck Indian olive, fell down. Minor injuries in the leg which went
away on its own after a few days. At the age of 9 again fell down from a tree
while playing on a bamboo barrier and cut his thigh region. Used ointment and
medication to heal wounds, which healed with time. At age 10-11 while playing
hide and sick in a culvert. pushed by a friend, and cut both his knees.
Stitching was needed for the left knee. Right Knee injury healed with
medications. The patient is a toto driver by profession for the past 2 years

[](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/04/this-is-online-e-logbook-to-
discuss-our.html)

[ Read more ](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/04/this-is-online-e-
logbook-to-discuss-our.html "Lower backache with clinical complexity due to
multifactorial drivers")

[ Powered by Blogger ](https://www.blogger.com)

Theme images by [Michael Elkan](http://www.offset.com/photos/394244)

[ ](https://www.blogger.com/profile/06665934069791134572)

[ Medical cases ](https://www.blogger.com/profile/06665934069791134572)

[ Visit profile ](https://www.blogger.com/profile/06665934069791134572)

###  Archive

  * [October 202210](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/10/)
  * [September 20223](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/09/)
  * [August 20226](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/08/)
  * [July 202212](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/07/)
  * [June 20223](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/06/)
  * [May 20222](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/05/)
  * [April 20224](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/04/)
  * [March 20221](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/03/)
  * [February 20223](https://ssahamedicalcases.blogspot.com/2022/02/)

###  [ Report Abuse ](https://www.blogger.com/go/report-abuse)

